["Special" by Branden the Young playing]
♪ I wanna take you further
Than you ever been before ♪
♪ I'll give you so much more
Than you can ask ♪
♪ And that is
just the start of this ♪
♪ I know we're
meant for it, yeah ♪
♪ All these boys in your zone ♪
♪ Acting foolish they don't know ♪
♪ How to treat a lady right ♪
♪ Let me show you
What a gentleman is like ♪
Hey, babe. We're almost there.
♪ You shine like gold ♪
♪ And if the sun come out
She just walked in, I know ♪
♪ 'Cause baby you're special ♪
♪ A diamond ring ♪
♪ And you deserve someone
To give you what you need ♪
♪ I wanna know you better
Than you even know yourself ♪
♪ Yeah it ain't hard to tell
That you're a gem ♪
[woman] I'm gonna look at the magazines.
[man] Sounds good.
Hey there.
[gasping] Look!
Um, would you mind signing my magazine?
Um, sorry. I don't
have a pen with me.
♪ Tell me what's on your mind ♪
♪ Let me show you
What a gentleman is like ♪
Oh! [chuckling]
You are such a superstar.
♪ You shine like gold ♪
♪ And if the sun come out
She just walked in, I know ♪
Look at these!
[woman speaking indistinctly]
[woman 2] Excuse me, excuse me.
Can I have an autograph please?
[man] Of course.
Oh, I see.
[man chuckling] Welcome back to reality.
-You turn your phones on?
-[woman] What's going on?
You said that if we go on vacation
for a few months,
all this would blow over.
It's nice to see you too, Monika dear.
-Did we miss anything important?
-[man] Not that much.
The Polish soccer team fought like hell
and lost, like they always do,
parsley is twice as expensive now
because of inflation,
and the country fell in love with Monika.
-You're everywhere.
-[Monika laughing]
And me?
And, uh, how could I forget?
Welcome home, buddy.
Okay, bye!
SQUARED LOVE ALL OVER AGAIN
-[woman] Hi, Miss Monika!
-Hi, Miss Monika.
Hello there.
-[woman 2] Hi, Miss Monika.
-[woman 3] Miss Monika!
[indistinct chatter]
Monika! Hey!
Oh! [laughing]
Someone looks like they just returned
from the best vacation of their life.
Take me with you next time.
-Come on! We'll be late!
-You know she's planning to major in film?
The girl films everything
on her phone. Not kidding.
It was nice to see you!
-Oh, hey!
-[woman] Darling!
-Hi, dear.
-Just don't know who it is we have here.
Klaudia or Monika?
Wow. Take a look at her.
She has the audacity to come back
on the first day of school
looking all tanned and well rested.
Darling,
a teacher shouldn't look sunburned,
they should look burned out.
Isn't that the case?
-Of course, of course!
-Well, I've missed you too.
Yeah, right. Like I believe that.
Relaxing on a beach
thinking about school… [chuckling]
Let me tell you,
this year is going to be great.
[woman] That's not right!
These are double standards!
-[crowd clamoring]
-No, no. Listen!
I understand, but there's only so much--
[woman] My voice should be heard!
[man 2] Support our children!
Everyone, please!
Please try to stay calm, okay?
[woman] My Ola was supposed to be
in this class from the very beginning!
I can assure you that all of our students
have grown…
Hey. What's your name, sweetie?
Oh! Ms. Monika!
Oh my God. Miss Monika, you have to admit
my little Ola into your class.
-[man 2] Please, this is very important!
-[woman] Very important!
But we can't admit everyone
into Miss Monika's class!
The rest of our
teachers are just as good!
-[man 3] They aren't on magazine covers
-Exactly!
-[woman 2] Or in commercials.
-I'm going to excuse myself.
And I want to see you, Miss Grabarczyk,
in my office right now.
[bell ringing]
-[tools whirring]
-Boss, the pretty boy's back.
[upbeat music playing]
I report, mission accomplished.
The vacation went well,
the car's in good condition.
I guess it's time
to get back to work.
And Monika?
Monika's wonderful.
No, I'm asking where she is.
Oh. She went right back to school,
but she'll be done in a bit.
Well, I've gotta go.
Sports cars won't rate themselves,
you know.
And how do you rate mine?
Absolutely beyond compare. Bye!
What a lucky bastard.
Hush. Come on.
[rock song playing]
[man groaning]
♪ Don't be sad, don't you cry
Just let go of your pain ♪
[man sighing]
♪ And when you fall asleep
Know tomorrow's… ♪
Oh my precious little babies!
Don't you worry. Daddy's home.
And I won't leave you again
for a long time.
[man kissing]
[man 2 clearing throat]
My buddy, hello!
What do you have for me today?
[man 2] Let me check, okay?
Well, it looks like the amount you're
expected to get today is going to be…
Oh. Nothing.
[both chuckling]
Good one, good one.
But, seriously, tell me,
how much am I going to get?
Excuse me,
could you help me with something please?
Sure thing, ma'am.
Oh, be right back.
Really?
-Hey, sweetie.
-Hello.
[man] Marzena!
You finally got that promotion
you deserve. Congratulations.
I'll save you the time
and cut to the chase.
I can't let you in, sir.
Your pass is canceled.
Come on.
That's gotta be a misunderstanding.
Hey. Come on, boss.
You are the boss now, correct?
[Marzena chuckling]
Well, since you ask so politely…
N-no. Absolutely not.
-[radio chiming]
-[Marzena clearing throat]
Security, can you come in please?
[rock song playing]
♪ Don't be sad, don't you cry
Just let go of your pain ♪
♪ And when you fall asleep
Know tomorrow's… ♪
[door opening]
[door closing]
Enzo?
-Who are you?
-Marcin. I'm Alicja's new right-hand man.
Where is Szymon?
There was a nervous breakdown.
Couldn't handle the stress,
or the pace either.
Apparently he's having the vacation
of a lifetime on Zanzibar, so…
-Oh, he actually went to Mielno?
-[Marcin] He did.
-Alicja, is she here?
-[Marcin] She's not.
As of today, the company has terminated
all of your contracts, I'm afraid.
You've lost access to your company card,
your sports cars,
as well as your cell phone.
[upbeat guitar music playing]
[Enzo laughing]
Oh, this is a prank, right?
All those hidden cameras gonna pop out?
-Unfortunately not. Listen…
-[Marcin sighing]
Apparently, this all has to do
with some model, or teacher, or something.
Maybe some kind of affair.
But Alicja was the one who dumped me.
Hey. I wouldn't worry
about it all that much.
If you ask me, this isn't about jealousy
or wanting a different fit
for the company.
No. I think Alicja wants to destroy you
because it's fun for her.
It's a joke. But as they say…
no hard feelings.
So, your things please.
Or should I just call security?
[Enzo breathing deeply, sighing]
[Marcin tutting]
Not the private car,
the company car please.
[Enzo groaning]
And the card.
-[funky music playing]
-Did she really fire me?
"Fired" is such a harsh and ugly word.
We'd prefer the expression "between jobs."
You know, just an impasse.
Um, It's best to think of it
as a, uh, new start.
Stefan.
[patting back]
[man] Well, Miss Grabarczyk,
I had a feeling this was going to be
an uphill battle after the summer.
I knew there was going
to be some pressure, some tension,
but seriously, already?
On the first day?
I totally understand, headmaster.
I'll do better.
Well, you really have to want this job.
You have to want to teach those children.
Your performance has been satisfactory,
but, honestly, that's not enough.
You will have to put in
a lot of extra work.
Also, couldn't you have picked up
the phone once when you were on vacation?
All these crazy journalists
kept harrassing the school.
Um, uh, I suppose
I could teach some extra classes, then.
-Free of charge.
-Oh!
Well, I guess it seems we have
an understanding with each other.
But please know
that this is your last chance.
I don't want to have
to deal with a celebrity.
Is that understood?
-Is that understood?
-Yes it is, sir.
Excellent then.
My daughter has been completely
overlooked and neglected
in the school's administration process.
And, I mean,
despite being part of the list--
Excuse me, but what's going on?
I would like to make a public statement.
But not right here.
Could we move away
from the school's main entrance, please?
-[camera shutters clicking]
-[kids yelling indistinctly]
Don't worry, darling. Don't worry.
-[Monika] Follow me. Over here.
-[upbeat music playing]
[reporters clamoring]
Come on. Let's go a bit further.
[camera shutters clicking]
[Monika] As for my statement…
See you!
Miss Monika, we'd still like a few words!
[reporters clamoring]
Hit it.
BUY TICKET
ERROR CHOOSE THE AMOUNT
[man] Enzo?
[man chuckling]
This is insane!
You're on the same bus as me! [chuckling]
Wait… wait a second.
Uh, does that mean they're introducing
a line of…
sports buses or something?
[man chuckling]
-[camera shutter clicking]
-Enzo…
[bus hissing]
[man] That's Enzo.
It's Enzo.
I'd rather see my naked butt
on billboards than this, you know.
I've always said that the naked butt
has feelings, a mind, a heart and dreams.
And now people are finally realizing that.
I keep getting offers for Klaudia.
I mean, don't you think it'd be
a good idea to take advantage of that?
Why don't you just tell them
Klaudia's retired?
All right. How does this idea sound?
One last interview as her
so you can tell your side of the stories,
nip any rumors in the bud,
and Klaudia a proper send-off.
What do you think?
[Monika scoffing]
-Fine. One interview, then.
-Just one interview.
Who will interview me?
It'll be with Rafał Wiśniewski.
[Monika chuckling]
-Forget about it.
-What?
[upbeat music playing]
[Enzo chuckling nervously]
[tools whirring]
[man speaking over intercom indistinctly]
[Enzo sighing]
News sure does travel fast.
Welcome to the natural habitat for gossip.
Krzysztof!
Hold on. Krzyśtof! Krzyśtof!
Long time no see, man!
You look great!
How did you lose that much weight?
-Stress.
-[Enzo chuckling]
Funny we should bump into each other.
Um, I was just thinking about those shows
you offered me, and it turns out--
No. That's not gonna work.
What do you mean it's not gonna work?
I'm moving on to a new chapter--
Well from what I heard,
someone else started
that new chapter for you.
I'm not stupid enough
to stand up to Alicja.
In fact, no one is.
What are you talking about? Krzysztof!
I need to ask you for a favor.
-Can we talk about it later?
-[Enzo] Later?
[woman] Two minutes until we're live.
-[man] One, two.
[woman] Come on.
Come on. Let's move, guys.
There he is.
[rock music playing]
[woman sighing]
[woman] So first, Daniel Nowacki, writer
and columnist. He wrote, "Inner Harmony."
Then Monika Grabarczyk. Elementary-school
teacher and model named Klaudia.
-She is in a relationship with--
-Enzo.
I read your magazines.
And I'm a fan of your show.
[both chuckling]
Could you just this once
make an exception,
and, uh,
try and go somewhat easy on Monika?
What do you think, my sweet friend?
[both chuckling]
Enough. It's fine, thanks.
We're live in one minute.
[show theme music playing]
[audience cheering, applauding]
What we've got here, um,
is, uh, your newly-published book,
uh, "Inner Harmony."
I read it.
-Nice.
-[Rafał] How long to write it?
To write about harmony
one must first find it within oneself,
that can take a while.
So ideal family, professional success.
Your life seems to be in total harmony.
Harmony is not always about
the external circumstances and factors.
You need to find that harmony
within yourself.
You need to first listen
to your inner voice.
Oh, that!
Yeah. So it was that inner voice
that told you to have an affair
with a 20-year-old secretary?
Great.
[audience jeering]
So is cheating on your wife essential
to reaching a state of pure Zen?
Is that what you want us
to take away from your book?
I don't have to listen
to all this nonsense.
That's perfect.
Get me a close-up
on the guy as he's leaving.
[Daniel] What a waste of my time!
[Krzyśtof] All right.
[audience jeering]
But Daniel, don't forget
about your state of inner harmony, right?
-[audience laughing]
-Now get the audience reaction.
Oh, that's perfection! [chuckling]
Please join me in welcoming
our next guest, Monika Grabarczyk!
[audience cheering, applauding]
[show theme music playing]
Hello there.
Ouch! Ooh, that is a strong handshake.
Stressed out?
Well, I saw what happened
a few seconds ago.
[Rafał] Ah, so do you think
that he didn't deserve all that?
On live television,
in front of the entire country?
He'll remember that lesson.
So pat yourself on the back for that one.
[audience laughing]
Do you find it difficult
to show your face in public?
I mean, since your bare buttocks adorned
most of the billboards in this city--
I see you've prepared for a, um,
pretty dignified conversation.
[whimsical flourish playing]
I bet the children you teach
are happy to recognize you
as the sexed-up model
on all those billboards
they pass by on their way to school.
I had a good reason to work as a model.
What's yours for being an asshole?
[all] Ooh!
[audience laughing]
She's so rude. Especially for an
elementary-school teacher.
You're rude, you know?
And you're also pretty rude
for a celebrity.
[audience laughing]
-Actually, I'm just a trusted reporter.
-[whimsical flourish playing]
[Monika] Well, that's good to know.
'Cause in that case,
I'd like to be interviewed by a reporter.
[audience laughing]
Otherwise,
I might just walk off set right now.
[rock song playing]
♪ All I need
is me, myself, and I ♪
♪ When the sun's come up ♪
♪ All I need
is me, myself, and I ♪
[elevator bell chiming]
-[woman] Here.
-Thank you.
-[woman sighing]
-[Rafał clearing throat]
So did she say what this is about?
She didn't,
but I don't think you should be worried.
[song fades]
I… I read through those reports.
I mean, how much did viewership fall?
Like, seven percent?
-[woman] Um…
-[woman 2] Eight percent.
[footsteps approaching]
[chuckling] Graphs and tables never lie,
isn't that right?
[tense music playing]
Those graphs and tables
show something I don't very much care for.
I'll be honest.
It's beyond terrible.
[Rafał grunting]
[Rafał] Well,
at least soon I'll be starting to host
that new, uh, kids show.
My face will be all over the city.
And with that kind of, uh,
exposure, right…?
The talk show viewership will skyrocket,
and we'll be back on top.
Are you sure about that?
We did some focus group testing recently.
We expected a catastrophe,
but it was somehow even worse than that.
Our kids show could be
completely obliterated by your image.
That is, unless, of course, we find you
a female co-host who everyone loves.
[Rafał chuckling]
-Good joke.
-[woman 2] Hmm.
[sirens wailing in distance]
It's not a joke?
[jazzy music playing]
Oh man, you've gotta be kidding.
I think you should consider this one.
-It's a really good offer.
-[Monika] Mm-hmm. [chuckling]
But I don't wanna work with him.
I… I didn't mean you. Oopsie. [chuckling]
You won't be working with him,
just next to him.
It'll be just fine.
I won't work with him, next to him,
in front of him, or under him.
No way. There's no way I'm doing that.
But it's a really good offer.
Your performance made the viewership of
a doomed show skyrocket to record highs.
And that's not all.
The audience loved
that you spoke your mind
and really put him in his place.
-You should think about it.
-[Monika groaning]
Might be a great chance.
[rock song playing]
[indistinct chatter]
-May I?
-Sure, let's take a picture.
[indistinct chatter]
Oh, um, hello.
Uh, you know where
I can find Miss Monika?
-Um, down that way, right?
-Um, yeah.
-Yes, there.
-Down that way?
-There. Yes, there.
-Thank you so much.
Check it out. Monika's really pulling in
all the cute guys now.
[camera shutter clicking]
-Here?
-[woman] Right there.
Yeah, that one.
-Um…
-What are you doing here?
I feel bad about how we started out.
Well, that's okay because there's nothing
for us to continue.
Monika, you're the only one
who can save my career.
I don't think so.
-But this is a talent show for children.
-Yeah?
It's a completely different kind of show.
I'm not interested in it.
Consider that every child on the show
will get the opportunity
to showcase their best talent.
They'll have a national platform
and, uh, free consultations
with coaches for singing, dancing,
or whatever they want from us.
-Let me help you with that.
-You don't need to. I got it.
Also, don't say "us."
There's not and will never be any "us."
Ugh. Jeez, how can you be so stubborn?
Leave me alone.
I don't wanna talk to you,
and don't wanna work with you.
I can assure you that everyone
who loses the competition
will be referred to a cultural center
so they can keep honing their craft.
Monika, I want what's best
for those children.
Part of the ad revenue made from the show
will go toward orphanages.
And I've… [sighing]
…I've already made the producers promise
that I'll be able to work
with an educator.
-I can do it! Pick me!
-No.
No, I'm sorry, dear, but you've got a face
that's much better suited for radio.
[woman chuckling]
But I suppose I
could give it a try.
-You think your face belongs on TV?
-Yes, it does.
There are other educators
who'd like the job.
-Yeah.
-Come on.
Care to tell me what's going on?
Do you know how huge of an opportunity
this is for your school?
For your students?
Even for you, headmaster.
Uh, so do you hear anything?
-Ugh. He doesn't stand a chance.
-Which one?
-The headmaster!
-Rafał!
Ugh.
I've noticed
that you're a very authentic person.
That attitude plays well on camera.
What if it turned out
you're a natural entertainer?
I can allow you to have Miss Monika
every week for one full day.
And if the camera likes you,
prepare to be up to your neck in offers.
A day and a half.
Have you ever considered being
an actor on television?
All right. We're done.
[upbeat music playing]
It's still no.
-Why don't you call someone?
-I did, man.
I called everyone,
but I couldn't get anywhere.
Some people hung up on me
the second I said your name.
Alicja really blacklisted you
from the entire industry.
-Here's a coffee.
-Black?
Yeah, no.
This one's yours, this one's yours.
-Thank you very much.
-Thank you.
[birds warbling]
So what am I gonna do?
Nothing. We're not doing anything.
Let's wait for this to die out.
Let the industry find someone else
to blacklist.
And if they don't?
Then drop it. Find something else
to do, like homemaking?
-Homemaking? Like you?
-What's wrong with homemaking?
Should I sit around and waste my time
waiting for Ania's mom
to finish up her worldwide trip?
You ever even bake bread before?
I had no idea kneading dough
could be so relaxing, you guys.
Dough might be relaxing for you,
but canceled credit cards
are definitely not,
Mr. Breadbaker Homemaker.
We're in the 21st century.
You're telling me a working woman
and a stay-at-home man
would be shocking news,
not to mention Monika?
Stop it. Enough.
Enzo, you gotta have some savings, right?
Yeah. Of course I've got savings.
I saved up some money, I went and invested
in stocks, in bonds, and crypto--
Never mind. I got it. Okay, okay.
-Got one more idea.
-Yeah?
I can get you a meeting with someone
in the next few days. How does that sound?
Ah! I think I got it.
Someone from the industry?
Uh, to a degree.
But I do think you'll crush the meeting.
Besides, you can always fall back
on those advertisements and campaigns.
Yeah. No one can keep this guy
from his ads.
-Yeah.
-[man] Hmm?
[both chuckling]
-Okay?
-Okay.
[pop song playing]
♪ But would you do what I do? ♪
Hey! What are you guys doing?
That's my ad you're painting over.
Sure, man. I was supposed to be
up there too,
but I didn't make the photoshoot
in Atlantis.
If you like, we can take a photo of you
and that billboard up there.
Come on!
[man] Huh.
Hello.
[kids clamoring]
Hey, I know you're not picking up calls,
answering emails--
I thought I made myself clear.
He just doesn't give up,
does he? [chuckling]
If this doesn't convince you, then…
I promise I'll leave you alone.
My name is Zosia,
and I'm five-and-a-half-years old,
and I really like to sing.
And I like to dance
and take ballet classes.
And I'd like a white dress.
A new one, from the store.
I like to play the piano,
but our teacher said it's too expensive
and that I'll have to wait.
[tender music playing]
I like to draw comics,
but I'm embarrassed because I don't know
if I can draw that well.
Everyone deserves a chance, Monika.
[door opening]
[door closing]
[Monika] Hi, honey! I'm back!
I heard there's a cool movie playing.
You wanna go see it?
[Enzo sighing]
[Monika sighing]
Wow, is it messy in here. [chuckling]
You know what?
I'm not in the mood for a movie.
Oh really? Why is that?
Well… [sighing]
[somber music playing]
You won't believe who I bumped into.
Uh-huh. So, he hasn't given up?
He hasn't, but I won't give up either.
I just don't wanna do it.
-All right, then.
-[Monika] Hmm.
Show business, huh?
Sure can be tough.
-[Monika] Mm-hmm.
-It's cruel, capricious.
-[chuckling] Anything else?
-And it's completely unfair.
So how about you leave it, then?
[Enzo] Hmm.
If I can do it,
you can do it too.
[Enzo sighing]
Babe, you all right?
They fired me.
[scoffing] What?
For real?
-You got fired from the magazine?
-From everywhere.
[bells tolling]
-[birds chirping]
-[wind blowing]
Hi, Dad. [kissing]
-Hey.
-So sorry. I got held up.
[Monika panting]
You didn't bring any flowers?
I forgot. I'm sorry about that.
-[somber music playing]
-Oh.
Hey, what is it?
Some celebrity guy wants me
to host this show with kids.
So Klaudia's coming back?
No, this time they want Monika.
[chuckling] Well,
they made a really good choice.
To be honest, I don't really know Klaudia,
but Monika's a wonderful person,
and she's pretty great with children.
What… what's wrong?
I don't know, I'm kinda stressed out.
Do you think I should say yes
to these guys?
Of course, you should.
You'll say yes. Yeah,
I know you will.
You're just like your mom.
She was always the first
to try new things.
Even when she was nervous.
I couldn't keep up with her.
All right. I'll buy those flowers.
[upbeat song playing]
[Monika blowing raspberry]
[clearing throat]
[lights clicking on]
[man] All right.
I'm turning it up.
And the ones on the side
Is that okay?
I have to admit
you look very beautiful today.
That video was too much.
In here, maybe?
But it worked though, didn't it?
-[man 2] We're all set.
-Mm-hmm.
We're ready to start rehearsal.
-Monika, a bit to the right.
-To the right?
Just a bit more. Bit more.
Yeah. Just try to stay under the light.
-[show theme music playing]
-All right, attention! Camera!
Dream Academy
with Rafał Wiśniewski and…
Monika Grabarczyk.
[audience cheering, applauding]
Welcome to a show that will exceed
your wildest expectations.
With us, you'll meet new people,
new faces, and new stories.
-And a brand new host too.
-[audience cheering]
We promise to work together and not
against each other, isn't that right?
[Monika chuckling]
[Rafał] Each week
we'll be selecting contestants
who, under the watchful eye of our jurors,
will wow you with their talents.
and those who impress our judges
will face off in the grand finale.
[dramatic show music playing]
[heart beating]
[audience laughing]
Monika?
[Monika] Hmm?
Isn't it true that in the grand finale…
[clearing throat] …the viewers get
to decide who wins the competition?
Yes, it is, Rafał.
The finale will be decided by the viewers
who will vote via text message.
And now, let's meet our judges.
[Krzyśtof] Stop! Stop!
Let's take it from the top.
[audience laughing]
Relax. We're all here
to support each other, okay?
-Okay.
-[Rafał chuckling]
[indistinct chatter]
[siren wailing in distance]
[Rafał] Yeah.
So I sit on the sofa,
he comes in, and
then there's a red light.
-I start talking, and it becomes dark.
-Oh really?
Wow. That's crazy.
-Hi. What's up, honey?
-Hey.
Going for a new look?
The tortured artist is very in right now,
haven't you heard?
[Monika clearing throat]
-We're meeting tomorrow at 9:00, right?
Yeah, um…
-Got it.
-You should've seen us, man. She's fire.
For me, all I need
is to see Monika every morning.
I'll see you tomorrow.
What, did you skip leg day?
[chuckling] See you!
Come on.
Come on!
Today wasn't that bad.
How's Rafał?
Oh, come on.
What do you mean?
Well, I saw your little cockfight earlier.
Cockfight? What are you talking about?
[jazzy music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Babe, you have nothing to worry about.
[Enzo] Yeah, sure.
Rafał is just some famous,
handsome, confident--
-And what else?
-Why don't you tell me?
But he's still not you.
Can I get you anything else?
Uh, actually the check, please.
I'll pay with card.
No. I can pay with cash.
-No, honey, no. It's okay.
-I'm paying for dinner.
No, please. Just, um--
Perhaps I can tempt you
with our selection of desserts, hmm?
I'll be right back.
Honey, stop. It's really not a problem.
It's not up for debate.
We'll continue this when I get back.
[objects clattering]
[bag rustling]
[Monika] Um, may I?
[waiter] Mm-hmm.
There you go.
[footsteps approaching]
-[Enzo] Hey!
-Uh…
The waiter
was just finishing his shift, so…
But next time it's on you.
You're not getting out of it.
You missed your one chance.
[upbeat pop song playing]
[inaudible]
Oh. Watch where you're going there, bud.
[kids clamoring]
Hello there, girls.
Kazik? I didn't expect to see you here.
I'm playing the guitar.
Are your parents here with you?
Ah. It's nice to see a familiar face.
Headmaster.
So I thought it would be a good idea
for our school to be represented
in this competition.
Especially since I allowed you
to take part in it.
So make sure
you do not forget that, understand?
Especially when Kazik's up onstage.
Now, it you'd please excuse us,
he has an interview to attend soon.
Do I really have to do another interview?
Come on.
Fingers crossed.
Okay. Right over here. Right here.
Here we are. Okay.
-This is Kazik.
-Hello there.
He is a classical guitar virtuoso
and he'll be playing Bach.
[jazzy guitar music playing]
[Enzo breathing deeply]
I feel good about today.
ROMANTIC DINNER
WHOSE SUGAR MAMA IS THIS CELEBRITY?
[music fades]
Oh God.
Well, it can still
be a good day, nonetheless.
Excuse me, sir!
-Good morning.
-Morning.
[Enzo] I need a ride to Montażowa?
Montażowa… You know it's rush hour.
How much?
I can tell you're in a hurry,
so how about 60 zlotys?
-Really?
-Yeah. You getting in the back or not?
[Enzo sighing]
[funky hip-hop music playing]
♪ I'mma bust it, I'mma hit
I'mma have to bust a click ♪
[Enzo panting]
[Enzo grunting, groaning]
I'm outside. What floor is the meeting?
[song fades]
UNEMPLOYMENT OFFICE
VOCATIONAL ACTIVATION CENTER
[siren wailing in distance]
I believe we had an appointment today.
You're looking for a job?
Yes.
[woman] Hmm.
He's the one to speak with.
-[Enzo] Hmm.
-[phone ringing]
You're unemployed?
Yes.
[keyboard clacking]
[man] You're looking for work?
No. I was just passing by.
[Enzo chuckling]
Look, man. I'm just trying to do my job
and help you out.
[keyboard clacking]
[man] What is your profession?
Male model, master of ceremonies,
writer, expert.
[man] Yeah.
But what can you do?
Hmm. Host parties, generate discussions,
sleep with women, beautiful women…
Mr. Tkaczyk, do you have any skills
that actually translate
to a professional career?
[phone ringing]
That's what I thought.
I'm… I'm an engineer.
I specialize in sports cars.
[man] Uh-huh. Okay.
Okay, okay,
So, I'll register you in the system,
and when Poland starts producing
its own brand of Lamborghini,
we'll get in contact with you, hmm?
[keyboard clacking]
Anything else?
We have about 50 contestants today.
[show theme music playing]
You think
you can you handle that? [chuckling]
I work with children every day,
but thanks for the unnecessary concern.
[Rafał] I just want you to make
a good first impression.
Impression isn't the most important thing.
[Rafał] Well, no,
I suppose it isn't.
[man] One, two, one, check.
-Hey, guys. Are we ready to roll?
-[Rafał] Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
One question per kid,
and then push them out onstage.
Sir, um, sorry, but haven't you ever heard
of stage fright?
Yes. Yes, I have.
I learned it yesterday working with you.
-Krzyśtof--
-No, "Krzyśtof."
Stop wasting time.
We're a half hour behind, okay?
-Get to work!
-[Rafał] Hmm.
Well, get to work.
What do you think about these guys?
[Krzyśtof] He's doing his best.
-She's just here for the children.
-[woman] Hmm.
Pretty boring.
[Krzyśtof scoffing]
Well, so? Plan B?
You sure about that?
Yes, absolutely.
It's about time we turn up the heat up.
I'm on it.
["Dirty Work" by Austin Mahone playing]
♪ Rolling my sleeves up to here ♪
♪ To make you smile ear to ear ♪
♪ Girl, I've been hitting that
Hitting that graveyard shift ♪
♪ You won't find another one
Built for this dirty work ♪
♪ Dirty work ♪
[inaudible]
♪ Baby I don't need no help ♪
♪ I'd do it all by myself ♪
♪ Girl, I've been putting in
Putting in overtime ♪
♪ You ain't gotta tell me
what's on your mind, dirty work ♪
♪ Dirty work ♪
♪ 'Cause when you do what you love
You're gonna love what you do ♪
-♪ You know I do it with love ♪
-[audience cheering]
♪ Each night I do it for you ♪
♪ It's the dirty work ♪
♪ Somebody's gotta do it ♪
[Monika] Stefan, let's go!
Oh my God!
I'm so sorry!
♪ Dirty work ♪
♪ Go and put your body through it ♪
♪ You know it ain't no nine-to-five
We going sundown to sunrise, dirty work ♪
♪ Dirty work ♪
[woman laughing]
♪ I'm filthy down to the core ♪
[audience cheering]
-♪ Leave all your stress at the door ♪
-Wow.
He's good!
♪ Bring it right here
Come next to me, dirty work ♪
[whispering indistinctly]
♪ Dirty work ♪
♪ 'Cause when you do what you love
You're gonna love what you do ♪
[audience cheering loudly]
-Wow! Honey, you're so strong!
-Yes!
♪ It's the dirty work ♪
♪ Somebody's gotta do it
Somebody's gotta do it ♪
♪ Dirty work ♪
♪ So we're getting into it ♪
[inaudible]
♪ Dirty work ♪
♪ Go and put your body through it ♪
♪ You know it ain't no nine-to-five
We going sundown to sunrise, dirty work ♪
Go, go, go, go, go. Yes!
[audience cheering loudly]
APPLAUSE!
[Kazik playing "Toccata and Fugue
in D Minor (BWV 565)" dischordantly]
[headmaster] Excuse me, please. Excuse me.
-Headmaster, please. You can't do that!
-I'm here for emotional support!
Ladies and gentlemen.
Dear viewers, let's all give a big hand…
a big hand for Kazik!
Who's a student at my…
a student at my school!
[Rafał] That man is hungry for fame.
[chuckling] I think he'll go far.
Except he's not the one competing, is he?
[audience cheering]
[headmaster chuckling]
-[Rafał chuckling nervously]
-[Monika laughing]
-[pop song playing]
-[Enzo groaning]
♪ Memories are coming ♪
♪ And I think I'm losing
Oh, I think I'm losing my mind ♪
♪ Think I'm losing my mind ♪
♪ No, I don't need you
I just got caught up, baby ♪
♪ We can blame it on the timing
But you know, oh ♪
♪ That you're probably
Gonna be better off without me ♪
♪ We can blame it on the timing
But you know, oh ♪
All right, then.
The laundry.
[Enzo sighing]
That's great.
[bubbling]
[Enzo gasping]
[bubbling continues]
As you can see,
everything's under control.
Uh-huh. Yeah, I see.
-I wanted to take you for a walk.
-[Enzo sighing]
Once you clean all this up,
I'll be waiting outside for you.
-Could you give me a--
-[man] No.
Hand?
[door closing]
[Enzo sighing]
Don't you worry, it'll be fine.
You're young, you still have time.
I'm sure you'll find
a job sooner or later
It's never too late to start something new
in your life, you know?
And if anyone can do that, it's Enzo.
Who's Enzo?
I'm only Stefan Tkaczyk now.
[man] Stefan?
I… I'm Bazyli.
-[laughing]
-[car engine revving]
Is your name seriously Bazyli?
[Bazyli groaning]
You know what?
I used to specialize
in fancy cars like these,
and now all I do is repair old, worn-down,
beat up pieces of junk.
Just like me.
Bazyli, it's never too late
to start something new.
I know that.
Some old wrecks are just way too damaged
to be fixed.
-Whoa!
-[Enzo chuckling]
[Bazyli] Look at the paint on this one!
Oh, and my God
look at the body line.
This thing is straight as an arrow.
The rims are vintage.
-[woman grunting]
-[Bazyli] My gosh, I'm sorry, Ma'am.
Oh my God, it's you.
Oh! You know each other?
-This so-called mechanic? Yes.
-It wasn't my fault!
Admit you put my car together wrong.
A bad driver can wreck any car.
He'll never admit it.
I can put a car like that together
in one day with my eyes closed.
So the issue lies with you.
Why don't you prove it, then?
But how about this time you do it right?
[car engine starting, stalling]
[car engine starting]
All right. I will, then.
Are you going to compete
in that, uh, retro race of yours?
I can still sign up.
Okay, it's a bet.
-Yes.
-You won't win anyways.
I will
if the car you give me works this time.
-We'll see.
-I guess we will.
[scoffing] That's great.
[audience applauding]
APPLAUSE!
[show theme music playing]
Now, this is where the fun really begins.
In a short moment,
the jurors will announce
who has qualified for the quarterfinals.
[music fades]
Number… it's number 20.
[audience cheering, applauding]
Number 45!
Though I have my doubts that 45
will have any new surprises
for us in the next round.
[audience laughing]
Next up, it's number 17!
[audience cheering loudly]
And 32!
With his completely mediocre performance.
Hey, now wait a minute.
Why are you being so mean?
[Krzyśtof] Stop recording!
Hold on, hold on. Wait!
What is this?
They're just kids.
They'll take this personal.
Take what personally?
[audience murmuring]
Don't worry about this,
she's just being hysterical.
I was told I'd have a say
in how this show operates,
and that's why I agreed to do it.
But who exactly is this woman?
Who is she to tell us
what we can and can't do?
Hold on. You better listen to this woman.
The board really wanted her
to be a part of this show,
but you, not so much.
All right. Relax, relax.
I'm the producer of this show,
isn't that correct?
Yeah, but do you need to insult
these children on national television?
Okay, okay.
I'll make no more comments, okay?
Are you happy?
And call the children by their names,
not their numbers.
Okay. So is everything cleared up, then?
Can we get back to work?
-We can continue.
-Fantastic!
[contemplative music playing]
[door opening, closing]
[Monika] Hey, babe!
Oh gosh, I'm starving. [sighing]
Do we have anything to eat?
Wait, what?
Didn't you say you were going shopping?
[Enzo grunting]
[clearing throat] All right.
You're done with the sofa. Come here.
But I really like it.
What are you doing?
-[Monika straining]
-Wait. Hey!
Hey! What are you doing, huh?
I like you too much to just stand by
and watch you stare at the wall all day.
Actually, I was staring at cars.
Awesome.
So are you gonna sit around
at home every day from now on?
[Enzo grunting]
Have you even looked for a job?
Stefan, please pull yourself together!
I knew this job was gonna change you
somewhat, but this much?
[Monika seething]
I was joking!
-What is your problem?
-[Monika] You know what?
If you like your sofa so much,
then you can sleep on it tonight.
Good night.
Stupid.
[tools whirring]
[Bazyli grunting]
Just a second, just a second.
I'll find something for you to do.
Yeah. I hate sitting around
with nothing to do too.
I'm a man of action.
Wow. You really
could've fooled me, Wiesław.
Come on. I'll get you some clothes.
[Bazyli straining]
[grunting, wincing]
Jeez, are you okay?
-Good morning.
-Are you surprised?
Well, if I'm being honest,
I thought you were chicken out of our bet.
And vice versa, which is why I came
to check up on you.
And I see you haven't even started yet.
It's because…
it's because I haven't found
the right parts yet, and…
[Enzo] If I may…
Um, hello there.
Well, hello there.
As someone who was witness to the bet,
I'd like to suggest
that you put your car at stake.
-The very same care that you…
-Aleksandra.
Enzo.
…that you started in that, uh,
that ill-fated race,
if that's still possible.
[Aleksandra] Oh yes, it is.
Very possible.
Very good idea.
So then you, uh, know where
to find me when you're all done.
See you.
Goodbye.
[Enzo] Have a nice day!
-Goodbye.
-[Aleksandra] Goodbye.
Boss, if I were you I'd just ask her out
and smooth things over on a date.
Wouldn't that be easier?
Why don't you get back to work
and smooth things out
with that paint job back there
since you're a man of action?
Tell me why I still work here.
[upbeat song playing]
What is it?
[Enzo chuckling]
[Bazyli sighing heavily]
[Bazyli] I can see you keep breeding
those nasty, obnoxious birds.
Gallus gallus domesticus, if you please.
They are my babies.
-[birds chirping]
-[chickens clucking]
Well, this is it under the tarp.
I couldn't bring myself
to get rid of it.
[Bazyli] Hmm.
Oh my God! It's alive!
-[Enzo sighing]
-You've gotta be kidding.
I thought you like a challenge?
Well, if you wanna back out,
that's understandable.
You'd want that, wouldn't you?
It's fine.
I'll start working on it this afternoon.
Well, all right, then.
What's the wait?
-All yours.
-Yeah, okay.
-And good luck with it.
-[Bazyli] Mm-hmm.
[chicken clucking]
Now, she wants me
to fix her chicken coop.
[sirens wailing]
[tender music playing]
Hi.
Is everything okay?
-What's your name, sweetie?
-Klara.
Mm, that's pretty.
May I ask you, Klara…
where are your parents right now?
It's okay to cry
if you feel like crying.
You know, I cried just yesterday.
Mm-hmm.
'Cause I had a fight with my boyfriend.
Would you like to tell me what happened?
That man back there
told me my singing wasn't very good.
-Which man?
-That man onstage.
-And you believed him?
-Yeah.
You do know that man
has no idea how to sing, right?
-He doesn't?
-[Monika] Mm-mm.
[Monika chuckling]
What he thinks doesn't matter.
-Would you like a hug?
-[Klara] Mm-hmm.
'Kay. Bring it in.
[Monika] Mm.
Why don't we go
talk to this man, okay?
He will help you find your mom, okay?
-Right? Okay, thanks.
-[Rafał] Uh, Monika…
Where are you going?
[Rafał chuckling]
[show theme music playing]
Please state your name.
Monika Grabarczyk.
Are you participating in this competition?
Because, if not, then…
-What? You'll tell me I have no talent?
-Do you?
[dramatic music playing]
My talent is talking to children.
That sucks.
[audience jeering, booing]
Come on. Don't you guys love it
when I play the mean judge character?
Oh do they?
[audience booing]
But isn't that why you're all here?
Looks like someone didn't get the message.
I know you think you can say whatever
because they who won't fight back,
but if I hear one more insult out of you,
I'll make sure you're fired, understand?
[audience cheering]
Are you familiar with anything
having to do with cars or not?
Sure, he is.
He always posts
about cars on social media.
[Bazyli groaning]
This screw right here, man,
you gotta screw it in tightly
or it'll all fall apart.
Thank you.
Should be thanking the boss.
-Aleksandra.
-Wiesiek! Bring me a wire brush--
Best of luck.
Hey.
[tender music playing]
Oh, um, hi.
How's it going?
Is that what it's gonna look like?
Yeah. Well, I like how it looks.
It's kinda rough now,
but I already found a new door.
I ordered it,
and it should be coming next week.
Then I have to galvanize it,
cover it with primer, and then paint it.
This car will be as good as new,
and you're lucky the engine's good.
So what's your deal?
Are you gonna keep showing up here
just to see the progress?
I guess I will if I have to.
[cell phone vibrating]
[man] Mm-hmm?
I need help.
I'm trying to think
of what to do about dinner.
Oh! You know they just opened up
an Italian restaurant next door?
I don't wanna eat out.
So you're… you're looking for food
to be delivered to your house?
[Enzo] No. I wanna cook it.
[clearing throat]
You know, I think you could try making--
Oh, actually no. Better not.
Um, maybe call Ania.
I bet she's got a great recipe.
One that's really…
easy to make.
[funky music playing]
[upbeat rock song playing]
♪ Don't be sad, don't you cry
Just let go of your pain ♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ And when you fall asleep
Know tomorrow's a new day ♪
-You need a ride, Miss?
-No, thanks. I'm fine.
You sure you don't need a ride?
-[camera shutters clicking]
-[Monika sighing]
-All right. Fine. Thanks.
-Here you go.
[cell phone ringing]
Hello?
Plan B is in effect.
[contemplative song playing]
Wait. This road doesn't go by my place.
You're never supposed to say where
you're going when you're a kidnapper.
-I think you should tell me.
-[Rafał] I wanna show you something.
This better be quick.
♪ Wasting my time with you ♪
-Nope, won't.
-What are you doing?
-Should I go back?
-[Monika] Are you crazy?
Maybe I am a little bit,
but there's something I'd like to show you
that I think you'll really enjoy.
-Well?
-[car horn honking]
Fine! Just go, then!
[Rafał chuckling]
Can you give me your phone, mine's dead.
I have to let Stefan know where I am.
Of course.
♪ I'm wasting away, it's true ♪
[cell phone ringing]
RAFAŁ CALLING
If you smash the garlic first,
it'll be easier to peel.
-Is that true?
-[Ania] Mm-hmm.
[Enzo sighing]
Okay…
[cell phone chiming]
What, are you recording me?
[Ania] Mm-hmm.
Hey, this is your favorite
ex-celebrity Enzo!
Today, instead of driving
one of my many luxury cars,
I'll be taking you
on a culinary journey to Italy.
Lately, I've been trying many things
for the first time, but I feel
that cooking is in my blood--
-[knife slicing]
-Ouch!
[Enzo groaning, moaning]
[birds chirping]
[kids clamoring]
There's someone
who really wants to meet you.
I actually promised them
that I wouldn't tell you, but…
-[girl] There she is!
-[Rafał] Hello.
[Monika] Hello.
Zosia said that you wouldn't come,
and I knew you would come because
you're the coolest person in the world.
Well, Mr. Wiśniewski brought me.
You're prettier
than the last lady who came.
-[Monika chuckling]
-Wait. Hey…
Well, he's just talking
about Child Services.
-[Monika] Mm-hmm.
-[Rafał] Mm-hmm.
Will you play with us?
Uh, sorry, guys. I'm not sure
if we have enough time to, but, uh…
-Oh, come on!
-Please!
Okay, okay. Well, since you ask
so nicely, let's play tag, so run!
-[kids screaming]
-[Monika laughing]
[kids clamoring]
Boom!
[Monika chuckling]
So you said you had a reason
for bringing me here.
[Rafał clearing throat]
Yeah, um,
I was actually raised here.
And I owe a lot to this place,
so I try to help the kids
in any way I can.
-Those kids are obsessed with you.
-[Monika chuckling]
I forgive you for kidnapping me.
But you could've told me
where we were going.
Well see,
then you wouldn't have come along.
Now you'll never know if that's true.
But I do think
I would've come for them.
And maybe for me as well?
[Monika scoffing]
And if you'd ever like
to take me here again,
I wouldn't say no to that.
Okay. It's a deal.
-Oh, it's a deal, then.
-Bring it in.
[Monika chuckling]
[dramatic song playing]
♪ I'd slow the
whole world down for you ♪
[Enzo sighing]
♪ If you want,
if you want me to ♪
♪ I'll make it all up to you ♪
♪ If you want,
if you want me to ♪
♪ Rainy days won't wash away
What we've done ♪
[car approaching]
♪ If you want,
if you want me to ♪
♪ If you're down then I'm coming through ♪
♪ If you want,
if you want me to ♪
[Monika] Thanks.
You won't believe where I was.
Babe, I'm so sorry.
I was supposed to
be home two hours ago--
You really called me from his phone, huh?
Yeah, um, my phone was dying, so I used
Rafał's phone to let you know where I was.
And then he drove you back here?
[Monika sighing]
I saw you made dinner.
I shouldn't have.
No. I'd really love to try it.
It's probably cold by now.
You could've told me you prefer
spending time without me.
-You know that's not true.
-It isn't?
I was in-studio.
We just ran long today.
I've seen how much
this job has changed you, Monika.
And being without a job
has changed you just as much.
[footsteps receding]
[car parts clanging]
[Wiesław scoffing]
[Bazyli] Wiesiek,
could you grab me the light.
[Aleksandra] Hello.
[footsteps approaching]
Not that light, a flashlight, you--
Hi there.
Hello.
Well, you know what?
I think it's coming along.
Well…
[scoffing] …for starters,
I put in the gaskets,
now I'm just waiting on the fender,
which is supposed to be delivered today.
As for the rest,
we'll just have to install the wipers
and a few smaller details.
We'll wash it and wax it
and then we're all finished.
It's gonna be ready on time.
Promise you.
Did you know I used
to be a rally driver?
I had to stop
after I had Damian, of course.
And years later I signed up to be a member
of the retro car club.
And why did you?
It felt like my life
was at a stopping point.
My son lives in the States.
He comes here every once in a while,
but mostly to try and convince me
to go live with him.
I'm on my own here.
I guess I just wanna feel
the excitement again.
Usually, club members
choose their own cars for the show.
It's not a real race, but I'd like
for my car to make it to the finish line.
Back then I was determined
to make this car win,
but everyone kept calling it
a pile of junk.
[Aleksandra sighing]
It wasn't your fault.
You did a great job.
I'm the one to blame.
To this day,
the club still won't let me forget it.
Don't worry.
This time will be a different story.
Do you think this time
me and the car will win?
I wouldn't go that far,
but you'll cross the finish line.
[both chuckling]
You really can be so terrible.
You know, I was thinking
maybe in a couple hours
you two would like to chat over dinner
at a nearby restaurant.
-[Bazyli groaning]
-I'd like that.
Wouldn't you?
Oh. [chuckling]
[Aleksandra] Hmm?
Could you do tomorrow at 9:00?
Yes.
Well, great. It's a date, then.
All right. I have to go.
Have a nice one.
I don't expect you to thank me, Boss.
Wiesiek…
Yeah, I know.
I didn't forget
about the flashlight. [exclaiming]
What's going on here?
[woman] We're doing a first-aid course.
It's being graded?
-Yes, of course.
-[headmaster] Okay.
Kazik, where have you been?
I've been looking everywhere.
But Miss Monika wanted me
to help her out here.
But Miss Monika,
why are these students outside
during class?
Because it's fun.
"Because it's fun," huh?
Jeez, you never stop surprising me,
do you?
I'm taking Kazik.
This is important.
Come on.
[kids clamoring]
-[Monika] Come back when you're done!
-[Kazik] Mm-hmm.
Hello, and welcome everyone
to The New Life of Old Cars.
-That's a good name.
-Well, that's just a working title.
This blue beauty here
used to rule the road,
until it was destroyed in a race
and was transformed into a chicken coop.
But now, in the hands of our Maestro,
it's being rebuilt
with bigger and better parts,
and new pieces are being implemented
to completely eliminate rust.
You can't paint over the rust?
Actually, you can't just cover up the rust
with paint. No, no, no.
Anyways, once that's done,
you put everything back together,
order new windows, fill in the gaps,
paint it all, heat it directly
in the paint chamber and… good as new!
Uh, that's somewhat accurate.
What you see in front of you…
is a true work of art.
That should be good.
You know, I would actually watch
a show like that if it existed
and I owned a TV.
[Bazyli scoffing]
[ratchet clicking]
[car thudding]
[Kazik playing guitar]
Why do you keep bending your hand
like that?
That's how you play.
That's not cool.
Play like Jimi Hendrix.
Jimi Hendrix played with his teeth.
Watch. With his teeth!
[exclaiming] Get it now?
Here.
You need to put more emotion into it.
[alternative song playing]
NEW TV SHOW PROPOSAL
WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THIS?
[Monika] Good morning.
Good morning.
So what were you doing all night?
I was busy working.
[Monika] Hmm.
-So you were working?
-[Enzo] Yeah.
[Monika] On what?
Uh, can't spoil the surprise.
-You'll just have to wait and see.
-[Monika] Whoo!
-Are you free tonight?
-Hmm. I can be.
Well, how does this sound to you?
Dinner, the second attempt.
[Monika chuckling]
[Enzo moaning]
You know,
I've got a good feeling about today.
[contemplative song playing]
THANK YOU. IT MEANT A LOT TO THEM.
TO ME AS WELL.
[Krzyśtof] Get the children
in a wide shot,
show how many of them there are,
then focus on the main jurors,
and, of course,
get a shot of our lovely Monika.
Uh, he's talking about the--
Sir, don't you think it would be
a good idea to focus more on the children?
This isn't a debate. We've got a script,
and we're sticking to that script.
But this show is about the children,
it's not about us.
Wouldn't it be a good idea to film
some interviews with the contestants?
The children
would get a big kick out of it.
We're going to stick to the script, okay?
We're not going to make everyone stay late
just to shoot interviews
with all those children.
No one's getting paid overtime.
Well, I can stay.
Uh, yeah, I'll stay.
Yeah, I don't have any place
to be tonight.
Well, in that case,
I hope you'll stay too.
Of course, I will.
As long as it takes.
-[Enzo] We can do test drives!
-Yeah!
We'll search for some really cool,
old, vintage retro cars.
I'm busy.
Can't you tell me all this over the phone?
-Okay.
And we can have guests.
But not stupid celebrities,
I'm talking car experts.
-Enzo!
-Jacek!
-Oh my God!
-What do you think? Sound like a hit?
-You really love this idea.
-Yeah!
I'll cut to the chase.
I talked to the execs.
They all said the same thing.
You know what they said?
-Concept? Ingenious.
-Yes!
-Your video? Fantastic.
-Yes, but their problem is with you, Enzo.
-Uh-huh.
Well, they don't want you in it.
-You said this would die down.
-Yeah, I did.
-I did… I did say that, Enzo.
-Yeah?
[Jacek] But you know what?
I think I was wrong.
I guess your career is done, buddy.
I'm really sorry, but keep your head up.
I'll make some calls,
we'll go from there, okay?
Hello? Hello.
Yeah. Thanks for calling me back.
I need to talk to you.
What do you mean "done"?
Mmm. Could you pass me a napkin, please?
-[Bazyli] Oh, I'm so sorry.
-[Aleksandra] Don't worry. It's fine.
-Here you go.
-Thanks so much.
I've been getting so clumsy recently.
Yeah, I noticed.
[Aleksandra chuckling]
But it doesn't… Just don't think
that it affects my work 'cause it doesn't.
Your car will be
ready on time, I promise.
So, it's just about the car?
No. I can fix it.
And… and I can fix it much better
than I did the first time, I promise that.
[tender music playing]
[Aleksandra sighing]
I stopped caring about that car long ago.
[dramatic music playing]
[Aleksandra] I mean…
I mean,
I obviously wanted you to fix my car,
but I was hoping that maybe
that fixed car would help fix me.
That maybe we could help each other.
Um…
Well, I think I,
uh…
I think I'm gonna go
'cause I took the keys with me,
now Wiesiek can't close up the garage.
Are you afraid to give this a try?
[Bazyli sighing]
Yeah. I have to go.
Look, I'm afraid too.
[Bazyli sighing]
You're right.
You're right. I've noticed that you…
you're afraid
to get back behind the wheel.
-You're afraid of driving, aren't you?
-[sighing]
-Listen--
-No. Listen to me.
You know, if you don't, uh…
if you don't work through that fear.
If you just don't…
[voice breaking] Well,
if you don't stop being afraid,
even the best car
won't help you cross the finish line.
What are you afraid of?
Well, me?
[sighing] Uh…
I have found
that not every car is built to be fixed.
Okay. Well, you know what?
I may be afraid to drive,
but you're afraid to live.
[somber music playing]
[Enzo] This is Enzo.
I'm probably doing something super-dope
right now, so leave a message--
[Monika] Excuse me,
could we go a little faster?
[driver] A little faster?
You realize there's a speed limit?
[Monika sighing]
[phone line ringing]
[Enzo] This is Enzo.
I'm probably
doing something super-dope right now,
so leave a message
and I'll get back to you--
Stefan?
THANKS FOR SPENDING THE EVENING WITH ME
[Monika sighing]
[Ania] Uncle Stefan.
I don't get why you couldn't just wait
for her to come back.
I waited for her last time.
Are you enjoying it?
[plate clanking]
This… this is really quite good.
[clearing throat] But next time
maybe you could add
a little more pepper
and a lot less garlic.
[dog barking]
[silverware clanking]
[clearing throat]
Couldn't you just talk to her and explain
everything that's on your mind?
Sure, I'll talk to her,
but tonight I'm sleeping here, okay?
[upbeat guitar music playing]
THE SHOWMAN AND MODEL'
S HOT LOVE AFFAIR
[music fades]
[dramatic music playing]
Excuse me.
[indistinct chatter]
[camera shutter clicking]
Are you looking for Monika Grabarczyk?
I bet she's with Rafał.
Those two are inseparable.
-What do you mean?
-Well, it's true.
He used to treat me
like I was something special.
I am special.
But then she came along
and he dropped me.
Those two are always together.
The other day,
he even brought her a bouquet of roses.
They really seem
into each other, honestly.
I mean-- Shit!
I shouldn't have told you that.
You didn't hear any of that
from me, please, okay?
Fuck, she's gonna kill me.
I can see you're working hard.
[sighing] It's no wonder
why you've shown no interest in me lately.
-[Monika] Stefan, Rafał was--
-Do you really wanna do this?
Are you serious?
[tense music playing]
Last month you said you're done
with your TV career,
but it seems like someone
managed to convince you to stay.
So have you just been moping around
the house all day because you're jealous?
Looks like I got
a good reason to be.
Yeah? Huh? Huh? Huh? See this?
Monika, come on.
I had no idea this was an issue.
Stefan, you're overreacting.
You were with him
the night I made dinner for you?
Jeez, Stefan, get it together.
I still love you.
I'll believe it when I see it.
'Cause what I see is that you'd rather
be here with him than with me.
-I won't ruin it.
-[Rafał] That's rich, coming from you.
You didn't have a problem
ruining relationships
when you slept with my fiancée.
Hold on, when was it? It was March 22nd…
My birthday, I remember!
You don't know what you're talking about!
Why do you even assume
she cheated on you with me?
Because that's your style.
He got his career by sleeping around.
Everyone knows Alicja gave him his career.
And now what? His career is gone?
So he's trying to
find a new sugar mama.
-Shut up!
-Stop it!
-Back up!
-Hey! Both of you, stop it!
-Hey!
[all panting]
I wasn't gonna step in
but the audience is coming soon.
Come with me.
[Rafał exhaling]
Monika?
[dramatic music playing]
ISSUES
DEPRESSION PREVENTION MONTH
[Enzo sighing]
Andrzej?
You won't believe this, uh…
Now that I think about it,
are you home right now?
[door opening]
-[door closing]
-Stefan?
[Bazyli] No, it's me.
-Oh hi, Dad.
-[Bazyli] Hey.
I was in the neighborhood
and I thought I would stop by and drop off
that… that cake tin you lent me.
[Bazyli sighing]
Uh, where is it?
-Where's what?
-The cake tin.
[Bazyli grunting]
Oh, see. I… I forgot it.
[somber music playing]
Dad, did you and mom fight a lot?
Why? Is something wrong?
No, it's…
Then where's Stefan?
Stefan moved out.
We fight all the time
and we can't agree on anything.
I don't know what to do, Dad.
I'm not really the best person
to be giving relationship advice.
[Bazyli sighing]
Are you okay?
You see,
when your mom was alive,
I was completely convinced
that she was my soulmate,
and that I couldn't possibly
love anyone else but her, and…
and now…
Ola, I mean Aleksandra…
I just really like her.
[Monika chuckling]
[Bazyli] Damn it, Monika.
I even think I love her.
That is awesome, Dad.
That's awesome.
[TV playing]
[Ania] What are you watching?
Nothing.
So you're just gonna lie there
and do nothing?
Don't you have anything to do?
-Actually, I don't.
-What about your TV show, then?
-It's not gonna happen.
-Why is that?
-How many questions will you ask?
It's only my fourth one,
and I think you're giving up.
I've been watching
this really cool video on YouTube--
Just give it a rest already!
They were able to scientifically prove
that being completely honest
with yourself is actually freeing.
Do you even know what freeing means?
Come on.
Start doing something 'cause right now
you're just making excuses.
-Excuses?
-Why don't you do something about it?
I don't want to
talk to her right now.
About the show, dummy.
You can do it on your own.
Nobody watches TV anymore.
Everything's online. Check it out.
Welcome, everyone,
to The New Life of Old Cars.
-Move.
-This blue beauty…
Wow. You did this yourself?
I did.
Well done.
[pencil scraping]
Artem, your drawing is really nice.
[Artem] Thanks, Miss Monika.
What is it?
[Artem] It's a house that mice live in.
-[door opening]
-Mice, really? And do you like mice?
-[Artem] Yeah. I think they're so cool.
-[Monika chuckling]
Monika, there's someone for you outside.
-Go.
-Stefan?
I… I can keep
an eye on everything here.
[kids clamoring]
[Zosia] Please say yes. Please!
Zosia, Miss Monika doesn't even know
what this is all about.
-If this is about the show, then--
-It's not.
No, um…
Are you free this afternoon?
Because Zosia and I have plans, and
we'd really like it if you joined us.
["Dumb" by Jubël playing]
♪ But never got
to ask you out ♪
♪ What if you
don't feel like I do? ♪
[kids clamoring]
♪ Would I stand here like a fool? ♪
♪ Oh now I'm feeling so dumb ♪
♪ Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb
De-du-de-du-de-dumb ♪
♪ Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb… ♪
I got you! Oh!
Oh!
Ooh!
Come on. Let's go take a break.
Kids, let's take a break.
♪ Dumb, dumb, de-du-de-du-de-dumb ♪
[song fades]
It's so great that you rented
the ship for the kids.
-I also did it for you, you know?
-[Monika chuckling]
[Rafał] Hmm?
Champagne? Around all these children? No.
[Monika chuckling]
Now that you mention it, who put-
- Wait.
I mean, how did this get in my--
What am I doing?
This is completely irresponsible!
I just wanted us
to have a little bit of privacy.
-Well, the journalists won't find us here.
-I wasn't talking about the journalists.
I just wanted to spend time together
away from everything.
Hmm. Where I can't escape.
Well, no. If you're a strong swimmer,
then the Vistula
shouldn't be much of a problem.
[both chuckling]
Come on now. Am I really that stubborn?
-Honestly?
-[Monika] Mm-hmm.
Super stubborn.
[Monika chuckling]
I guess for all the right reasons.
[seagulls warbling]
I've never met anyone like that.
[chuckling] I guess that's a good thing.
'Cause if you had to rent a boat for every
friend you wanted to talk to privately…
[Monika laughing]
But I don't see you as a friend.
'Cause
I wanted to… tell you that I really…
Uh…
It's really nice.
With the river flowing.
I guess it is. [chuckling]
Get it together, pull yourself together
[Monika gasping]
What the hell are you doing?
-[tense music playing]
-[Rafał sighing]
Monika!
[indistinct chatter]
Excuse me.
Oh.
That's easy for you to say.
Yeah, I did just like you told me to.
I took her to the orphanage.
I thought it'd work too,
but she didn't respond like the others.
Yeah, yeah, we got our pictures taken.
I just got a little carried away.
All right. Fine.
I'll take care of it tomorrow.
I'll just buy her flowers or something.
Uh…
Hey! Wait a second!
Monika, it…
it's just PR, okay?
It was just a couple of photos.
Maybe for you.
I'm genuinely very glad
you came here today.
Rafał, just stop talking.
Hey, hey, hey. What's the matter?
I'm telling you the truth.
What I heard was the truth.
What, do you think
you're more important than everyone?
You think you're helping those kids?
You think you'll save the world?
Well, you won't.
This entire world is completely rigged.
What are you talking about?
You're not gonna change anything.
Listen, even our talent show
has been rigged from the very beginning.
Most of those kids don't need to show up
'cause we know who's gonna win.
You need to understand this.
Monika, you can't help everyone.
And you can't fool everyone.
[dramatic music playing]
Thanks for coming on such a short notice.
Anything for a client.
Listen, you gotta help me
get out of this show.
I won't take part in it any longer.
Why? What happened?
Everything has been rigged
from the very beginning.
Those kids trusted me.
How can I watch them
get eliminated unfairly?
Hold on. You can't resign
right before the grand finale.
You signed a contract.
You know what'll happen if you back out?
My ass is on the line.
What am I supposed to do, then?
What you signed up for.
Just one more episode.
I mean, you wanna tell me
what's the big deal again?
I really thought the show
was all about the kids and their talents.
[man] Ladies and gentlemen,
Welcome to this year's retro car show,
the meeting place
for vintage automobile lovers.
Now, you know what to expect.
A rally with the most beautiful vehicles
of the last century.
Feel free to join in!
You're not gonna want to miss this, folks!
[upbeat music playing]
[car horn honking]
[car engine starting]
[indistinct chatter]
[car horn honking tune]
[Aleksandra] Hey.
Ola.
Look, I'll understand if you say no, and
I'm not sure if I've earned it, but
would you mind
if I ride with you in this show?
I mean, and the next one too?
And then
a few more after that?
Hmm. Aren't you afraid
of getting in the car with me driving?
[Bazyli chuckling]
Yeah, I'm terrified.
But what scares me more
is the idea of you rejecting me.
[upbeat song playing]
You are the worst. [chuckling]
Crazy.
Ola, my dear,
I'm not afraid.
And you… you won't have
to be afraid anymore either.
[car horn honking tune]
[Aleksandra sighing]
[song fades]
[indistinct chatter]
Okay. I'll be there in a minute.
Just wait for me by the entrance.
[girl] Okay.
Hey. What's up?
I don't know where to start.
Mm-hmm. Tough day today, huh?
Let's go for a walk.
Wanna talk about what's wrong?
-Well, you promise you won't tell anyone?
-Of course not.
I really don't like playing guitar,
especially in front of people.
So then why'd you sign up
for the talent show?
-Because the headmaster made me.
-[Monika scoffing]
That checks out.
Okay. So, what do you like, then?
I like math a lot.
But the headmaster said, he told me
that mathematics are too boring
and over-raisin--
-Uh, over-rain--
-[chuckling] He said it was overrated.
Yeah, he said overrated.
And not camera-friendly.
And that mathematics
won't win a talent show.
And what do you think?
I don't really care about the show.
-[Monika] Mm-hmm.
-Is that bad?
No, it's great.
If you don't wanna play the guitar,
then, honestly, you don't have to.
-You sure about that?
-[Monika] Of course.
But I don't want you to lie to anyone.
And especially yourself.
I'm so, so glad being on TV
didn't turn you bad.
You're a sweetheart.
So are we going back to class?
Come on, let's run back!
Give me your hand.
Whoo-hoo!
Let's make it inside in ten seconds!
[announcer] And this here is number 23.
Let's get this on the way.
What a beautiful…
And look at this one.
Just a beautiful light blue.
It is just as enjoyable…
[announcer speaking indistinctly]
[upbeat song playing]
[woman] What's your number?
Number 11.
ALEKSANDRA BURSKA
[Wiesław] True affection like theirs
is so genuine.
Nothing like the ones in your magazines.
What are you talking about?
You seriously don't know?
Everything is either made up
or exaggerated.
Nothing really sells
like a down-to-earth romance.
I'm still not following you.
But you're the one in show business, man.
I mean, at least you were.
You still need me to explain
this simple thing to you?
[car horns honking]
[engine sputtering]
[Aleksandra] You said the car
was ready to race.
-It was… It needs a good driver.
-[Aleksandra] But?
All right, Mr. Know-It-All,
what's wrong with my driving?
You overheated the engine.
[Aleksandra] You said this car was ready.
I'm not a mechanic.
How should I know if-- [moaning]
[car horn honking]
[music fades]
[dog barking, howling]
[cell phone vibrating]
Hello?
What? Why do you
need me at the garage?
Yeah, okay. I'm coming.
[dog barking]
I'm here!
Dad, you here?
Hey, Dad.
Where are you?
What are you doing here?
[emotional music playing]
[Monika sighing]
Was this your idea, then?
Ania wanted me to come here.
-That's nice.
-And why do you have a problem with that?
I don't know
what's gotten into you lately.
I don't know. Maybe I'm a little jealous.
Maybe I'm afraid you'll choose someone
like how I used to be.
[Monika sighing]
Look, honey…
I'm still in love with you.
[Enzo grunting]
All those tabloid photos are fake.
It was… it was all
just a big set up.
Then why did you agree to that?
I didn't agree to any of that.
I had no idea.
The whole damn show is rigged.
Wait, what?
Tomorrow is the grand finale,
and the winner was chosen from the start.
And I can't do anything about it.
There's always something you can do.
The finale's tomorrow, right?
I've really missed you.
[Monika chuckling]
[upbeat music playing]
Okay, okay. I'll take care of that.
[man] Tomek!
Great, great. I gotta run, bye.
Coming!
[footsteps thudding]
-Kazik! Kazik!
-[girls giggling]
Excuse me.
Have you seen a small boy with a guitar?
His name's Kazik.
I haven't. But if he's not here,
we'll have to find another kid.
No, I'll go find him.
Can I borrow this?
[megaphone feedbacking]
-Have you checked level minus two?
-No. Where?
-There.
-Kazik!
All right! We're live in five!
[headmaster] Kazik!
[show theme music playing]
I'm sorry, it's just… there's a lot
of pressure tonight, isn't there?
The cameras are off,
you don't have to pretend to be nice.
-[Tomek] Ready?
-[Monika] Mm-hmm.
-This is our last show. Get ready!
-[both blowing raspberries]
Three…
[show theme music playing]
[audience cheering]
Welcome back here to Dream Academy!
I hope you're ready for our grand finale!
We're joined live by ten million viewers.
[both] We welcome you!
[audience cheering]
[dramatic show theme music playing]
The finalists have been selected
by our dear viewers.
Did the viewers really choose, though?
[audience murmuring]
[Rafał] Well,
don't the viewers always choose?
[audience laughing]
As I was saying,
the very best of the very best
will now compete for--
"The very best," huh?
Is being the best really so important?
-Especially for young children?
-[audience murmuring]
[Rafał] You see, we tend to choose our
show hosts based on their sense of humor.
[Rafał chuckling nervously]
Please join me
in welcoming our next guest…
Uh, these are our finalists.
This way to the stage?
Come on, come on.
[children giggling]
If this behavior doesn't cease,
then just cut her mic
and keep them both at a wide-shot.
I'm sorry, are you listening to me?
I said cut her mic!
Wide shot, cue music,
and go to commercial.
Okay, okay, okay.
Wait a minute, wait a minute.
Just relax, gentlemen.
I mean you no harm.
[knocking on door]
Cut to commercials right now!
Did you hear what I said?
-It's time to welcome back our finalists.
-Wait, Krzysztof.
Tonight's gonna be a hit.
…to choose which one of them
will be the first Dream Academy winner!
And here they are now!
[show theme music playing]
[audience cheering]
Um…
[Rafał chuckling nervously]
[show theme music winding down]
[audience murmuring]
Is it really fair to measure talent?
See what she's doing?
Does that make it fair
to take away a child's dreams?
[Jacek] Honesty sells.
Is it fair
to label these children as losers?
Well, it's not on this show.
On this show,
every child who had the courage
to stand on this stage
is a winner.
[knocking on door]
[man] Okay. I'm going to need you
to step away from the trailer.
-We're staying with it.
-[Jacek] Hmm.
And now let's welcome back to the stage
Basia, Czarek, Klaudia, Weronika, Antoś,
and Maurycy, and everyone else!
[triumphant music playing]
[audience cheering]
[Monika chuckling]
[children exclaiming]
Kazik!
[headmaster muttering]
This is every single contestant we've had
since the first round.
They did a great job,
and have made millions
around the country very happy.
Now let's give them a hand. Bravo, bravo!
[audience cheering loudly]
These children have really taught us
that we should never stop chasing
our dreams.
Because our dreams
are what's most important.
And for that, we thank you.
[Rafał] Thank you!
[audience cheering]
[upbeat whimsical song playing]
[headmaster] Kazik!
[headmaster muttering]
[machinery whirring]
[audience gasping]
[drumroll playing]
Hello?
[audience laughing]
[headmaster sighing]
[headmaster playing "Toccata and Fugue
in D Minor (BWV 565)"]
[whispering indistinctly]
[band accompanying song]
[megaphone feedbacking]
♪ Every morning I eat
a bun with butter ♪
♪ Chase it with a coffee
Over my morning paper ♪
♪ Nobody can tell me what to do
'Cause I know ♪
♪ I throw my glass at the wall
I want to leave ♪
♪ There's a janitor
Standing in the stairwell who's scared ♪
♪ To even move
He's holding on to a broom ♪
♪ I grab him by his gray overalls ♪
♪ And shout
Right into his terrified face ♪
♪ I want to be myself ♪
♪ I want to be myself again ♪
[audience cheering]
♪ I want to be myself ♪
♪ I want to finally be myself ♪
[all] ♪ We want to be ourselves ♪
♪ We want to be ourselves again ♪
♪ We want to be ourselves ♪
I can't believe you actually think
this is about those kids.
Everyone's in show business
for fame and money.
You're just pretending you're a saint.
Why did you manipulate those children
from the orphanage into working for you?
Was that for your public image?
[audience gasping, murmuring]
Or to save the viewership of your show
and make more money?
[Rafał chuckling]
You can't do anything about it.
You think the press will believe you?
You cannot prove anything.
But I can.
[Monika chuckling]
-[Enzo] Hey!
Smile for the camera, Rafał.
-[Rafał chuckling]
-Thank you so much, Rafał.
That was very brave. Thank you
for being so honest with everyone.
Let's all give one last applause
for Rafał Wiśniewski,
his career, and his last TV appearance,
as well as his decision to donate his
entire salary to his favorite orphanage.
-Bravo!
-[audience cheering]
[Monika] So thank you, Rafał.
And just like him,
I'll be doing exactly the same.
[children cheering]
Yes, of course.
[coughing] Excuse me.
Let's play!
[rock music playing]
[all] ♪ We want to be ourselves ♪
♪ We want to be ourselves again ♪
♪ We want to be ourselves ♪
♪ We want to finally be ourselves ♪
♪ We want to be ourselves again ♪
♪ We want to be ourselves
We want to finally be ourselves ♪
♪ We want to be ourselves ♪
♪ We want to be ourselves again ♪
[music stops]
[all cheering loudly]
[rock riff playing]
[all gasping]
[Monika exclaiming]
Oh my gosh.
Will you stay with me forever, Monika?
[Monika] Mm-hmm. [chuckling]
[all cheering]
But wait, do you have the ring?
[Monika laughing]
["Good Times Are Here Again"
by James Stewart Bowld playing]
♪ Good times, good times are here again ♪
♪ Good times
Can't wait till I see you there ♪
♪ Good times, good times are here again ♪
♪ Good times
Wish that they would never end ♪
♪ Now the winter's gone ♪
♪ We'll be flying high ♪
♪ So far away in the summer sun ♪
♪ When the feeling is right ♪
♪ I'll know where we belong ♪
♪ In our dreams I'm feeling an overture ♪
♪ Can you feel the good times? ♪
♪ Good times, good times are here again ♪
♪ Good times
Can't wait till I see you there ♪
♪ Good times, good times are here again ♪
♪ Good times
Wish that they would never end ♪
♪ When the sunset is ours ♪
♪ And life is tasting so sweet again ♪
♪ We can follow the stars ♪
♪ And find a way
to take the sun away ♪
♪ We can follow the stars ♪
♪ 'Cause the good times are coming ♪
♪ Good times, good times are here again ♪
♪ Good times
Can't wait till I see you there ♪
♪ Good times, good times are here again ♪
♪ Good times
Wish that they would never end ♪
♪ Gimme good times, good times ♪
♪ Good times
Can't wait till I see you there ♪
♪ Gimme good times, good times ♪
♪ Wish that they would never end ♪
♪ Good times, good times are here again ♪
[song fades]
[pop song playing]
♪ Memories are coming ♪
♪ And I think I'm losing
Oh, I think I'm losing my mind ♪
♪ Think I'm losing my mind ♪
♪ No, I don't need you
I just got caught up, baby ♪
♪ We can blame it on the timing
But you know, oh ♪
♪ That you're probably
Gonna be better off without me ♪
♪ We can blame it on the timing
But you know, oh ♪
[music fades]